If you'd like to come along for the ride,
today for Laracasts,
I need to build a small little package
for handling and processing transcriptions.
And I'll warn you ahead of time,
I don't have much experience in this area,
so we will be figuring it out together.
All I know is that when I use a service
to transcribe a Laracasts video,
in response, I get this VTT file
that I think stands for video text track,
something like that.
And it takes the shape of this.
So the whole file is organized into sections
where a timestamp is associated
with a bit of text.
So this text occurs exactly at this timestamp.
So as you can imagine for the site,
I want to show a transcription
in a slide-out modal,
where you can scan a text version
of the entire video.
And if you click on any portion,
it will load that exact segment of the video.
I think that'd be pretty cool.
And actually,
I've already had Adrian whip up a design
that you can see here.
Now I will warn you,
we're not gonna build the front end
in this series.
We're only focused
on the backend Composer package.
But ultimately,
it will look something like this.
And again, you click here
and it will load that portion
of the video,
which again, I think is pretty cool.
I hope it's helpful.
Okay.
Now, before we get started,
I need to figure out my terminology.
'Cause sometimes I use, incorrectly,
I use captions
or subtitles
or transcriptions interchangeably,
and I don't quite think they're the same thing.
So let's do transcriptions,
versus captions, versus subtitles.
And let's see.
Yeah, right here.
"Captions are the display
of a text version of speech
within a video.
It's superimposed onto the video."
Okay, so captions are the text
that displays on top of a video.
Okay, subtitles are the translation.
Okay, I kinda knew this.
Subtitles are the video's dialogue,
but translated into a different language.
So that's not what I'm doing here.
Finally, "transcriptions are a text-based version."
Yeah, kind of the same thing.
That was originally produced
in video.
It can be displayed
below the original video.
Okay, so it sounds like transcriptions
are really what I want here.
The caption is what displays on the video.
The transcription will be
in our slide out modal here.
That makes perfect sense.
And things like that are important,
because they will determine
what the class names are,
what the package name is,
what your method calls might be.
It's very important.
Okay, so let's get started.
I'm going to begin by thinking
of this as a composer package,
even if I never release it to the world.
Even if it's only meant
to be used by me, that's fine.
When you build these things,
always start off by scratching your own itch.
Don't try to plan for every potential use case.
I know there's all these different transcription file types
that you might need to work with,
but I don't need to worry about that.
It's irrelevant to my needs,
and I only want to scratch my own itch right now.
We can always expand it later.
So I will call this, "Laracasts."
I'll put it under the Laracasts namespace,
and we'll do transcriptions.
And I'll leave the others blank.
Yeah.
Okay, cool.
So that'll set up my composer.json file.
Next, I want to require PHPUnit.
PHPUnit for development.
We're going to use test-driven development
to drive this out
and I think that'll be a great way to go.
And then finally,
I want a quick PHPUnit configuration file.
So let me remember.
What is that called?
Generate configuration.
Bootstrap script.
Again, usually the defaults are correct.
So, notice tests go in the test directory,
source files go in the src directory,
and that's fine.
Close that out.
And I'll go ahead
and build up my directory structure.
Src,
and then another one for tests.
Okay, then for this example here,
I'm going to put this
into a stubs directory.
'Cause maybe I'll work
that into one of my tests,
or maybe even do another one here.
Like let's duplicate this,
and we'll call it basic example.
And then I'm going
to condense this down drastically.
We'll just make it something like that.
"Here is a example of a VTT file."
And that's it.
Okay, let's get started.
I'm going to build my first class,
and we're working with transcriptions,
so why don't we call it, "TranscriptionsTest."
And the namespace, I guess,
will be, "Tests."
So this will extend PHPUnit,
and we'll do our first test.
What is the simplest thing I can do here?
How about something as simple as
it_loads_vtt_file.
All right, let's write the code I wish I had.
Maybe we'll have a Transcription class,
and I will give it the path to a file.
So this would be something like "stubs/basic-example.vtt.
And what do I expect?
Well, I expect to load this full string.
Now, I could assert
that it just contains a portion,
or I could do something like
expected equals file_get_contents.
So, I'm going to do it again.
And then I can say this assertEquals expected
and then compare that against the transcription.
So yeah, at this point,
Transcription::load()
basically just does file_get_contents.
So in this case,
it looks a little suspicious
whenever your test is just reproducing the class
you're testing.
It's suspicious,
but in this case,
I don't think it's really a problem.
Okay, so we know this is going to fail,
but let's give it a try.
And yeah.
"Transcription not found on line 12."
So it has no idea what this is.
Okay, let's go ahead
and create our transcription class.
There we go.
And then I'm going to use that.
So use transcription.
Give it another run.
Okay, so now class Laracasts\Transcriptions\Transcription
is still not found,
and that's probably
because we need
to configure the autoloader.
So we're using PSR for autoloading.
So I will say autoload
and this will be PSR-4.
And let's say our namespace was Laracasts\Transcriptions.
And where's that located?
In the src directory.
Okay, let's run it again.
And it still can't find it,
but that's just because we have
to run "composer dump autoload".
I wish we didn't have to do that,
but it's required.
Okay, so we run it again.
Aha, we've changed the error.
So we're making progress.
Now we're trying to call a load() method
that doesn't exist.
Okay, let's click through
and this is a static initializer probably.
And this will expect a path to the file.
All right, we give it a run.
File get contents tests.
Oh, test test.
That's not right.
I bet you saw this
and you've been waiting for me to figure it out.
Okay, let's give it another run.
Here we go.
Failed asserting that null matches
the contents of that file.
Again, we're changing the error
and whenever you do that,
you're making little bits of progress usually.
So what's going on here?
Void method.
Yeah, okay.
That's going to return a string.
So how do we make this work?
Well, again,
this is where I said it's a bit suspicious
because right now load() will just start
with file_get_contents.
But my guess is we'll probably change this,
because this isn't overly useful right now.
"The test does not have a coverage annotation,
but it's expected."
I don't want to do that.
Let's turn that off.
Run it again,
and we get green,
but we don't have colors.
So let's turn on colors here.
There we go.
So now that I'm at green,
I can refactor this a little bit.
Really, I think load() should return
to me an instance of Transcription.
So why don't we start by saving this
to $file and that will be a string.
And then I want to set it,
but of course I can't do this,
because we're in a static method.
So this is where we could,
within here, initialize our class
and then set it,
and then return the instance.
Okay, but now it's not going to work, right?
We run the test,
and now load is returning an object
rather than the string.
But still, I kind of like being able
to call load,
and then if I ever need
to use the response there,
it immediately gives me the string.
If you want that to work,
what we could do is set __toString()
to declare what should happen
when this object is used as a string.
And if that's the case,
maybe we just return $file
and that will return a string.
Of course.
So we give that another run
and it's passing.
But now we changed it up just a little bit.
So I think this is a good stopping point
for lesson one.
We figured out the terminology,
we set up our initial package configuration,
and then we wrote our first basic test.
In the next episode, we'll keep going.